docker/README.md, before:

# cellbasedmodels docker

The dockerfile makes an image that contains a set of relevant packages for the use with CellBasedModels. A list can be seen in `environment.yaml`.

Constructed images are already deposited in [dsblab/cellbasedmodels](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/dsblab/cellbasedmodels), so there is not need of building the image except if you want to extend further capabilities.

# Running the image

## Interactive Shell

Start the container in interactive format.

```shell
docker run -it \
    --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)",target=/home \
    dsblab/cellbasedmodels:v0.1.0 julia
```

## Script

To execute directly a bash script simply

```shell
docker run \
    --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)",target=/home \
    dsblab/cellbasedmodels:v0.1.0 /bin/bash -c "<bash_script.sh>"
```

and a julia script

```shell
docker run \
    --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)",target=/home \
    dsblab/cellbasedmodels:v0.1.0 /bin/bash -c "julia <julia_script.py>"
```

## Jupyter lab

If you want to work interactively with a jupyter notebook.

```shell
docker run -it \
    -p 8888:8888 \
    --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)",target=/home \
    dsblab/cellbasedmodels:v0.1.0
```

You can then view the Jupyter Notebook by opening `http://localhost:8888` in your browser, or `http://<DOCKER-MACHINE-IP>:8888` if you are using a Docker.

Commit message:

Develop (#64)
* Physicell

* Finished with the mathematic except calcification

* Solve problem with removing agents

* Speed celllinked neighbors

* Update documentation

* Install develop branch of CBM

* Mechanics of physicell working

* Update CUDA compatibility

* Add PhysiCell in GPU

* Threads launch

* Physicell Optimizer selected

* Add accessors

* Add ADI integrator for the PDE

* DGADI working on GPU

* Rm Makie from Package

* Plots Working

* Make Utils

* Fix bug GPU customODE not integrating

* Updated models

* Fix uneven number of parameters assigned to each medium model kernels

* remove development

docker/README.md, after:

# cellbasedmodels docker

The dockerfile makes an image that contains a set of relevant packages for the use with CellBasedModels. A list can be seen in `environment.yaml`.

Constructed images are already deposited in [https://hub.docker.com/r/dsblab/cellbasedmodels](https://hub.docker.com/r/dsblab/cellbasedmodels), so there is not need of building the image except if you want to extend further capabilities.

# Running the image

> **NOTE Multithreading** 
> Docker images are by default exposed to all the threads but you have to provide the number of threads to the execution yu have to define the variable `JULIA_NUM_THREADS` inside the docker as shown in the examples below. More information can be seen in the [documentation](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/multi-threading/).


## Interactive Shell

Start the container in interactive format.

```shell
docker run -it --rm \
    --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)",target=/home \
    dsblab/cellbasedmodels:v0.1.0 julia --threads 4
```

## Script

To execute directly a bash script simply

```shell
docker run --rm \
    --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)",target=/home \
    dsblab/cellbasedmodels:v0.1.0 /bin/bash -c "<bash_script.sh>"
```

and a julia script

```shell
docker run --rm \
    --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)",target=/home \
    dsblab/cellbasedmodels:v0.1.0 /bin/bash -c "export JULIA_NUM_THREADS=4; julia <julia_script.py>"
```

## Jupyter lab

If you want to work interactively with a jupyter notebook.

```shell
docker run -it --rm \
    -p 8888:8888 \
    --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)",target=/home \
    dsblab/cellbasedmodels:v0.1.0 /bin/bash -c "export JULIA_NUM_THREADS=4; jupyter lab --allow-root --ip 0.0.0.0"
```

# Comments on docker flags

There are many flags for dockers. In here I briefly resume some of the ones used in the examples above.

 - `-it`: Says the docker you are going to use it in interactive mode.
 - `--rm`: Remove the image once finished the job.
 - `-p`: Which port to show the connection
 - `-mount type=X,...`: Mount the folder so its content is accessible inside the docker. 

You can then view the Jupyter Notebook by opening `http://localhost:8888` in your browser, or `http://<DOCKER-MACHINE-IP>:8888` if you are using a Docker.
